Overview:

1. The goal of this application is to take an arbitrary runner as input and,
after collecting the necessary information, decide how to rank the given
athlete against his/her competitors. It generates a ranked list of all 
athletes within this athletes sphere. The given athlete mostly serves as a 
token for a region and the final results should not vary too much whether 
the user inputs Bob or Bob's competitor/Bob's teammate. 

2. The data is gathered from Athletic.net, so at the moment we are limited to 
Collegiate/American HS runners. Also, the program only supports cross-country,
this is primarily because cross-contry rankings are more difficult for a 
human being to judge so it is a lot more fun to rank xc athletes. 

3. The information gathered trends towards the more competetive meets. 
I intend to provide alternative options soon. Overall, the rankings 
for a given data set our fairly reasonable, but oftentimes the gathered
data will consist largely of very strong runners. So if you find that 
a runner is ranked 9000/10000, this runner might be ranked something 
like 12000/100000 if you factor in everyone in the country. The key 
take-away here is don't focus too much on the percentile!

4. Rankings are generated using the RunnerRank algorithm. This
algorithm doesn't care about course completion time, it only factors in 
placement. This algorithm is still in the early stages of its development 
so don't take these rankings too seriously (however they present themselves 
quite nicely when compared with milesplits flo50 rankings so take them kind of 
seriously). 

5. The best applications for this program are high school cross country,
followed by D1 NCAA cross country. 

6. The program is only intended to collect data from the most recent season 
at the moment, this will be fixed soon hopefully. 

User Guide:

1. After clicking 'begin', you will be prompted to select 'Make Rankings' or
'Load Rankings'. 

	a. 'Make Rankings' allows the user to search for an athlete to use as a
	starting point. Again, this athlete is mostly a token for a region and 
	does not receive any special treatment. 
		i. The program already comes equipped with a cache to search 
		for athletes i.e when you start typing an athletes name, a 
		drop-down list will show all of the closest matches. Press 
		Enter to display the drop down list. After selecting an athlete
		from the list his/her 'athlete id' will be placed in the search bar. 
		This is just the way it is for now. (Note: if an athlete does 
		NOT show up in the dropdown menu this is because the athlete is 
		not stored in the cache. You can get around this by searching 
		the athlete on Athletic.net and copy and pasting their 
		'athlete id' into the search bar. The athlete id can easily be 
		found in the url. After doing this once, the cache will be updated 
		and you won't have to do it a second time. The cache also updates
		naturally as you use the program in the hopes that the user will
		never run into this issue.)
		
		ii. The number of races to add option is fairly straightforward. 
		The program will stop collecting data after *roughly this many 
		races have been added to the system. A good number is around 10-40 
		but you can try for more if you'd like.

		iii. Focus Local: Sometimes when runner rank gathers data it can go
		on tangents that end up distracting from the intended sample. This 
		option will try to nudge the data collection towards the local
		competition as opposed to the nationally ranked crowd. Eventually
		the program will diverge here anyway. The only ways to combat this at 
		the moment is to toggle this option and to collect fewer races
		(~10 is best). In general the rankings are more accurate if we uncheck
		this option. 

		iv. After clicking generate, you will be prompted to save
		the data in a file. Simply enter the name of your save, no file extensions 
		are necessary. A good naming convention is athletename + 
		number of races collected e.g. Bob20.

	b. 'Load rankings': You can view old saves so you don't have to regather data
	each time. Note that these saves can get relatively large. For example a 20 race
	collection is around 10-15 mbs and 60 races is ~70mbs.
	
2. After you have loaded or created a save, the rest is very straightforward. You can click 
'View all rankings' to see a list of all the rankings or you can search for an athlete to 
view their ranking and their race history. 